[Music]
in other words people are just adjusting
during times like this this is where you
can use your dry powder or money
you have to be more Scrappy the ones who
aren't Scrappy aren't going to survive
what will happen is your competition
will and they'll start taking your
market share
[Music]
all right we're going to talk about the
great reset we're all in a sense
resetting from basically all the changes
that happened during the pandemic and so
we are now resetting back to our roots
and we wanted to talk about what that
great reset actually means and how you
can apply that to your business yeah
right now what we're seeing is a lot of
companies during covid expanded quicker
than they expected and the main reason
being is no one expected such a big boom
in things transforming more digitally or
online so it caused a lot of businesses
to hire well a lot of businesses
including ours and many others like the
Googles the Facebooks Etc none of us
understood or knew how long this would
last or not last or if we'd keep going
or if things would go back to normal and
none of us predicted a high inflation
and B the fed's raising rates so much
that it's slowing down certain sectors
it's not necessarily slowing down things
like travel people are still traveling
like crazy keep in mind during covid a
lot of people didn't really travel so
maybe they're making up for it if you
want to call it but a lot of other
sectors they're going back and the main
reason being is when you have interest
rates rising at a very rapid Pace a lot
of companies use debt to grow a lot of
companies are publicly traded uh their
numbers get hit so what do they have to
do with higher payments they gotta end
up cutting fat laying off doing
different things in their business to
make sure that they're healthy in other
words people are just adjusting and
they're I wouldn't necessarily say
they're downsizing but they're adjusting
their size to be the right fit for the
market some of that may not be adjusting
your employee count but that could be
reducing Tech sacks and using AI or it
could just be getting rid of certain
divisions and business models that may
not be producing uh Revenue but just be
cost centers and shifting budgets to
something else but we're seeing this
across the board not just with
Enterprise companies But Eric and I are
seeing it with a lot of smbs and
mid-sized businesses as well especially
in our friend Circle we have a lot of
friends who have quote-unquote
multi-billion dollar companies as well
as companies in the 100 plus million
dollar range and we say multi-billion
we're not talking about unicorns from a
venture standpoint if someone just has a
billion dollar valuation we're talking
about multi-billion dollar companies
based on revenue and ebitda yep what
I'll add here is that it doesn't matter
if the company's doing well right now or
again if the company is doing poorly
we're all resetting in a sense because
we're going back to what used to work
and so instead of saying oh everyone is
used to this remote work policy if what
worked for a company before was staying
five days in office go do that if remote
worked really well for you go do that
but the point of the reset is hey we're
going to reset back to what worked for
us and what worked for our our culture
and screw what everyone else in the
public says you're paying for base camp
you're paying for Asana you're paying
for click up you're paying for like 10
different project management tools and
none of them are getting being used and
yet you're spending eight figures a year
in software how did this happen because
discipline was lost and now it's time to
reset that discipline yeah we all have
to be more Scrappy whether it's in your
marketing or operations you have to be
more Scrappy the ones who aren't Scrappy
aren't going to survive it doesn't
matter even if you have profit you still
need to be Scrappy because
a during times like this this is where
you can use your dry powder or money to
expand and find better opportunities and
B if you're not going out there and
you're not being smart with your money
what will happen is your competition
will and they'll start taking your
market share and that's what we see is
this like just because your company is
doing well doesn't mean it can't be
doing better and just because things are
great or good for you and I know that's
not the majority of people out there but
you shouldn't have the mentality of oh
everything's fine and dandy and peachy
it's very few times in our lifetimes do
we see opportunities where you can pick
up companies for cheap or you can take
more market share or you can do creative
deals and if you're not wise with your
cash you won't be able to seize those
opportunities now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out if you
enjoyed the video like it share tell
people about it thank you very much